we're aboard the Marty Moe m64 this
model fits between Marty Moe's 70 and 54
and the first thing you're going to
notice are these amazingly deep and wide
side decks with a really high big
railing this gives you a tremendous safe
feeling offshore
I really like the Marty Mose transom not
only is it a galley because you've got a
grill here and a full fridge here but
also you step down into either a very
large utility room or the optional crew
quarters and that's also where you keep
the sea key for 26 to slow the roll and
look at this the stairs are inside so
let's go up and take a look the marítimo
has only one helm which is all you
really need because it is on this
totally enclosed fly bridge if you're
looking for an all with a boat check out
our review of the Larry Moe m64 I'm
boots calm
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters